So that's for
the part one of the first project.
But then I thought I wanted to kind of
show you a little bit another twist to
that thing as well.
Let's say that, for example, your user
does not have an image in the desktop,
but they want something
a bit more dynamic.
So what you can do is
you can use the Webcam.
So what we're gonna do here,
if you just comment
out part 1 and
below there is part 2 and 3.
There's gonna be as well, in part 3,
we're gonna use a different model just
to show you a little bit how that works.
But here in this section, so
in part 2 of the first project,
we're going to use an image
content from the Webcam.
And the last thing we need to do
is to change part1.js to part2.
Some of the code is going to be similar
but I thought that just having a new
file might be better so that you can
keep everything that you've worked on.
So, if we now maybe we might
be able to copy some line.
So let's open part 2
will be an empty file.
So we're going to use cocossd as well.
So you can copy your import
of TensorFlow.js and
of the model so we can copy that.
And then let's think a little
bit about our logic.
So again, if we go to the utils file, and
you scroll down a little bit, I have some
helper functions to cover the part of the
code is not related to TensorFlow, Jas.
So you might have used that before if
you've if you've built a web app that
had access to the camera, so
we're using the Get User Media web API.
And the way that it works is you
call navigator.media.getusermedia.
There's some,
then parameters that you can pass.
So we don't need the order in this case,
so order is false.
And then video here,
we just pass it a width and height for
the size of our Webcam feed on the screen.
And then when it's ready, we have
a stream and we can get different tracks.
We're just gonna get the first one and
when the video is loaded,
we're going to actually
play it in the browser.
So you're gonna be able to
see yourself in the camera.
And then, so for the webcam feed,
it is like a video element,
but the COCO-SSD model is
like an image detection.
So what we're gonna do, basically
a video is like a sequence of pictures.
So what we're gonna be able to
do is to click a button and
it's gonna take a picture
of the current live feed.
And then we're going to give that
to the machine learning model.
So here, I just wrote like a take
picture helper function as well,
where all it basically does is,
there is like a predict button
that is in IHTML here, and
we're going to basically
predict Webcam and capture.
So here, the button Webcam is to just
start the webcam, then pause is just pause
it and capture, and predict is going to
actually predict what's on the screen.
The video is going to be the Webcam and
Canvas is actually going to display
the image that I captured from the camera.
What we're gonna do is once we call
that function to take a picture,
we're going to draw it on the canvas.
And here when we call the predict button,
also I'm gonna pass a callback with
the actual image from that canvas and it's
going to call the machine learning model.
So we're gonna write that.
This is just a helper function,
it will make more sense once
we actually write some code.
So as I said before, we have imported
TensorFlowjs and the cocoSsd model.
So first of all, because we need to
actually enable the camera we're going to
get the camera button.
So if we right camera button, and
we're just going to get the element,
element by ID Webcam.
So here we have our webcam button,
and at the same time,
let's also get the capture button,
and given the idea of pause,
but maybe calling it capture
would have made more sense, but
it was basically that post the video and
take a capture.
So we have our webcam button,
we have our capture button, and
we are going to need our video
element as well from the webcam.
So we have const video, and
then document, getElement.
I mean, I'm probably easier to
do querySelector A video so
that's gonna be our video element.
And as we did before, we before we can use
the model, we need to load it as well.
So we can recreate a function called
init to kind of get started everything.
And here,
let's redeclare a model variable as well.
So, that's very similar
to what we did before.
And it's kind of oops,
nope, nada, no cookies.
To show you that if you get started
with one way of doing things,
you can actually update your
code with minimal changes.
And I'll show you that as well in part 3.
But here, when we're gonna call that init
function, the model is going to load, but
at the moment we have no interaction.
So the first thing that we need to do is
actually enable the camera on the screen.
So we have a webcam button, so
we can have an onclick event.
So webcam button, then onclick,
we're gonna have a function And
we are gonna call the start webcam util
and we're gonna pass it our video element.
And this time it did not auto import so
I'm gonna import it from
my utils file okay so
when we click the webcam button it's
gonna start the camera maybe at
this point we can even check in
the browser that it works fine.
So if I refresh,
you shouldn't have to rerun the terminal
like it should be live reloading.
So if I click on the webcam,
it might ask you for blocking or
allowing the camera, so
you have to allow it and then no camera.
Okay, but at the moment capture,
there's no event associated with it.
So at the moment we should just have the
webcam trans on when you click the webcam
button.
So I'm just going to go back to the code,
so what we wanna do next, as I said,
the image detection model
takes in an image as input,
so we need to actually capture that image.
So we can add an event, an onclick
event to the capture button as well.
And then we have on click.
And if you remember the take
picture helper function as well
take picture and
then we're gonna import it from the utils.
It's a function and
if we go back to the utils file,
this take picture function gets the video
element, and our callback function,
that's going to be the predict function.
So we have our video element, and
here the same way that we kind of
did it in the previous exercise.
We're passing predict, but
we have not kind of written it yet.
So here, we can now move on to
writing our predict function is
gonna be very similar actually,
if you want to go faster,
you can even go back here,
copy the predict function from part 1,
and then copy it over in part 2,
and that's the exact same code.
So all we need to do at this point
is call our init function here,
actually I mean, we might not have
necessarily needed the init function here.
I just kind of kept the same
structure as I had before.
I wrote show result, but
I did not import it from and
I don't know why there's a pink.
Okay, so I turn on the Webcam again,
capture, and
if I could predict, I should be a person?
Yes, prediction, person,
and then probability 0.91.
So it's 91% sure that on
the screen I am a person.
So then you can have a bit of fun with
trying to predict something else.
So I do not have much with me
right now and I have a phone.
Maybe I can try to put
the phone on camera and
see if it will detect that it's a phone.
If I move myself out and
then I put my phone,
[LAUGH] I don't know what's
going to come out of here.
So a remote.
I mean, it's not too bad.
A phone can be a remote and
probability is 0.92.
So technically, it kind of looks
like it could be a TV remote.
But that's basically as well how you can
use a webcam feed to take a still of
the video and give it to a machine
learning model, like the exact same
machine learning model, but find different
ways of interacting with it as well.
>> There's collapse and chat.
>> Really?
Well, thank you,
[LAUGH] I think if you remember them,
I'm just gonna stop the camera here.
So this is what I used for this project.
It was also like what I showed you
at the beginning, it's a website.
Turn on the camera, I go around and
I take pictures, it gives me a label.
And then I would decide, it's kind
of asking me, what is it made of?
And it's like, well, it's plastic.
So then it will tell Tell me
plastic goes in like this bin.
But again, it depends on which
country you're in cuz the bins.
I think when I was in Australia, the time
the yellow bin was the recycling bin.
But here I think colors are different.
>> And what model did you use for
that one?
>> It was either Mobilenet or Coco-ssd.
COCO-SSD, actually I have both here.
May I have tried with both them and
then picked It's one.
But if we look,
I built that years ago, COCO-SSD.
Okay, so I built I built exactly the same.
And here, I don't know what to
look at this code is very old.
[LAUGH] So maybe let's not look at six,
seven years old code.
But that's the type of things
that you can do with images.
So, in the context right now,
you might not be thinking right
away what you can build with this.
But there was another application
that someone else builds where, for
example, you had a tool to generate alt
tags for images kind of automatically.
So it could do a first pass for
you and then as a human is probably
veterans to still kind of check if the alt
tag that is generated is correct, and
if you just add some details, but
that's one idea of a tool that was built.
And at some point there was a tool that
was built that was called nsfw.js,
like not safe for work.
I will not Google that right now, but it
was a tool basically to kind of tell you
if an image that was uploaded
somewhere was not safe for work.
And that could be when I stumbled upon
this project, it would actually would have
been useful in my previous life
when I was in advertising and
sometimes you have brands that run
competitions online and they tell users,
I put pictures and win soap or whatever.
And obviously people pick pictures,
but sometimes you can't control
what they're going to upload.
You only have to do
the check manually later.
And a tool like that could have
done a first pass as well and for
a human to not have to necessarily see
pictures that they don't want to see.
And what was interesting with that model
is that it wasn't telling you necessarily
a label about what was in the picture, but
it was telling you more of, is it obscene?
Is it neutral?
Is it a fun or something like that?
And you you could build your application
so that if what comes out of the modal
is obscene or nudity, then you could
kind of like have a little flag
in your application that was maybe
this image, isn't quite what we want.
Yes question.
>> Kristen and Cat said he got it
working and took a picture of his cat.
And his cat is 72% sure it was a cat.
>> Maybe it's only half a cat.
I don't know.
[LAUGH] Well, maybe it was, I mean,
because what happened is that sometimes
depending on how much space the cat is or
the person or
whatever object is taking in the picture,
as well as sometimes if you're closer
than technically in terms of pixels that
you're taking more space in the picture.
If I was a person but I was far away,
then in terms of the way that the model
looks at the picture, it's just
really a long range of pixel data.
And if you're very far,
then it might look like, okay,
what's the biggest thing in
the picture and what is that?
So depending on where the cat was or maybe
you just didn't like that particular cat.
But it was still you know
70% smaller than 0.5?